I'm pleased you're still here with me.
The previous video was quite detailed and basic but I wanted to provide everything that I include in
my own site so that you can maximize your success and copy exactly what I do.
I love the fact that Google is very serious about privacy and security of the users on the internet.
S S L stands for secure sockets layer and it's a protocol.
The labels are very secure connection between the user's browser and the server where the Web site lists
many internet users will not buy from a Web site that is not secure.
I will not give their private information.
The s at the end of h t t p means that the link between the sites the browser and the server is secure
it is encrypted to a very high standard.
One of my sites has an expired certificate so I install a new one to show you the procedure.
I use SSL for free.
Dot com.
The certificates are free but only last for three months.
You receive an email one week before expiry So it's not too much of a hassle to renew Here's my site
and before I click next to the u r l in the browser bar a message pops up telling me that the site is
not secure.
Next up I'll go to the SSL for free dashboard as a previous client.
My site is already entered for a new site.
Simply click add or edit domains
on the next page.
You can enter both versions of your domain
Klegg create free SSL certificate.
Click manual verification and then manually verify domain
scrolling down.
You'll asked to download two files do this and remember where they are stored on your computer.
We now need to create two folders using See panel 1 called Dot well known and ask me challenge
after the files are uploaded.
The correct placement can be verified by clicking the two links provided.
Here I am in my C panel for Jim Brewis guitar dot com.
Click the file manager and then public h t and l
even though I previously create the folders required these are not visible.
This is because files and folder names proceeds with a dot are normally hidden
click Settings and take show hidden files to display the folder not well known
the folder Acme challenge is inside this folder and the two files inside the folder can be deleted as
they have expired
for a new site.
You will create these folders ready to hold the verification files.
Once the files are uploaded go back to SSL for free.
Dot com and click buildings to verify
if all is good.
Click download S S L certificate.
Now copy all the text inside the certificate box and go back to your C panel dashboard.
Scroll down to s s l t ls and click to enter
Now click manage SSL to open the space where you paste the certificate.
Select your domain name and pay show certificate into the top box.
Next copy the private key into the next box.
Click install certificate.
Through a few seconds.
A message will appear.
You can now close the panel and SSL for free.
The installation is complete
when I go back to my website.
I can see that you are ill is preceded by h t t p s and the site is now secure before creating content
in the next video.
I'm going to go over a few points explaining and demonstrating what constitutes a good post for SEO
in the eyes of Google.
You learn about you are else slug's title tags image attributes rich content and how we integrate the
key words that we found in the first video into our post.
Text.